Updated to use SonarQube (#1)
sonarsource-cfamily-examples/linux-cmake-gitlab-ci-sq: README.adoc

> . Make sure that you have your token stored as a CI variable in your project (`SONAR_TOKEN`). You can request new tokens using https://sonarcloud.io/account/security/[Account/Security page].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Make sure that you have your token stored as a CI variable in your project (`SONAR_TOKEN`). You can https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/user-token/[generate and use] new tokens in SonarQube.
```
